The main thing that you have to learn as a new leader is the type of responsibility
that you have versus what you used to have. So, for instance,
um, working with your hands cleaning the Cellini to sell your
expected to go out there and then twist it off and drink it off and
put the new one in. And, um, as a leader, you have to get that same
job done without actually doing it. It's kind of weird, I know, but
your role is to tell someone else to do it. And I've seen a lot of
leaders have that problem, especially people that that have the new
position. So a second class becomes the first class. I'd actually have
to go down there and tell them. Hey, you know what? Get off that
pipe. Get off. That's Lenny to sell. Um, you have three other people
here. They're not gonna learn by you actually doing it. We know that
you can do it. You've done it thousands of times. Now it's your time
to put the wrench in that person's hand and watch him do it. Um
and then, yeah, after, after about a year or two, they finally get on
board with that. And that's how you become the next rank. After